---
title: contest/running unfunsies and reading funsies 💖
tags: rants
---
> *Thinking that one can succeed just by working hard is an arrogance. But one can choose to burn with fire without God's favor*
>
> *--<cite>Run with the Wind</cite>*


i was going off today until the run 😭😭

woke up at 9am, wrapped up some noi18 tweaks, ate breakfast and then started noi24d1 at 10 am. for more details, feel free to check out the logs [here](https://jasonwei08.github.io/2024/07/24/cnoi-24d1.html). but i was going off on that and i mean i was, going top 30 in china is pretty wild for me (was expecting something around the 70s ngl). 

and then took a fat nap after contest (2pm at that time) cuz contests make head hurt we all know that fs. reread Run with the Wind, for anyone who reads this, pls go read asap. what a great book. 

at 5pm decided to go for a run but got delayed cuz of some upsolve and discussion with rpeng. wanted to go for a 9 miler for the sake of the long run... the first 4 miles was great and then side stitch happened. uhhhh and then i just gave up after a mile cuz my stomach hurts very badly. 

the plan is to double a 5/6 miler tmr/sat and hit my mileage goal by that. will likely do it sat for the sake of the trial. also atcoder sat so another sticky situation ig.

got a shelf of books from china. also talked to bkpt about some screen situation he was having. so the call is to prolly not be on devices that often and then read some more books. hopefully get a hold of history/philosophy/random knowledge in here and there.

alsoooooo, mr bush being him decided to tell us practice cancelled THIRTY MINUTES ahead of time. hey just wondering, ever heard of this concept of "THE NIGHT BEFORE" cuz it would be pretty freaking helpful if you notify us the NIGHT BEFORE and i can actually get a good night of sleep??! anyways ISTG if i see another one of those cancels tmr i will go off on someone...

it is current 12:05 am and i am talking to iframe, bro is doing data structure at 1am, absolute madlad.

but if we do end up having practice im not looking forward to it since like the awk asf relationship issues going on... per [redacted] im two weeks behind the loop cuz i didnt bother to know what happened between her and her ex... tbh i dont care as much now since theres more important stuff to be worrying about... think about the peak time of the cc team where there were 5 or 6? concurrent relationships going on and look at us now with like 3?? and i have to remind myself that pgh trip actually happened or else god knows whats gonna happen with [redacted]. (i mean it wouldve been prolly better than now cuz i wouldnt have said some wild shit and wreck one myself and get myself kinda isolated ig). but i said hs relationship isnt worth it and i hope ppl can actually understand that
