---
title: 3h of sleep is not it
tags: rants
---

> *Put your money where your mouth is*
> 
> *Bury your doubts under the ground*
>
> *And they gonna watch you step over the ashes*
>
> *Right now I'm taking my turn with the matches*
>
> *<cite>[Burn It All Down](https://open.spotify.com/track/0ked784BOZ1JtRVHux98jE?si=0f898f18664848fa)</cite>*

trying to get some blogging in during school since sometimes i cant focus on cf... it is completely a mess at school rn cuz i think i def slept too late last night... uhhh 2am sleeping sch is never the right answer as we learned

again woke up at 5:45 this morning and felt like dog shit... my legs also felt like shit cuz of weights... weights actually sucked so i didnt do lr today, instead went very chill with devon, got like 4.5 with a 2:58 800 in the end. not bad cuz i made sure my legs were relaxed by the end of the day...

first period was fine... went to trainers with devon and did my math hw (by that i mean cpoied my math hw from him?) ya but i got it done bef ms yees class and learned table method basically.. so the quiz was trivial i think... andrew rowe on the other hand prolly missed like all the mcqs.. how are you asking to use a formula sheet on a quiz hello??!

ap euro was simple, simple fun ig? uhhh i kinda caught naps a lot during class but monahan didnt care, read over his slides after so i did ok afterwards... but ya i was surviving on like 4 packs of crystal light caffine packages by then so it did not feel good.

then the long long migraine started in apush... did some sort of work with slides, will finish (likely with gpt tn) i assume. ya its a fun lil group lmao... not a lot of thing going on which is fun

migraine was awful in stats, did some trivial frqs during class... not a lot of work again.. but head hurts from not sleeping enough. finished the other frq in class and was talking to saj and charlie. bickered with charlie

did lab in physics today. very trivial lab, very trivial lab report. was just having bad migraines, took another shot of caffene and made sure i can stay awake. hurt even more then

lunch was like aok, did nothing tbh, just yapped and read over yanns and ppls strava.. couldve done a lil bit of work fs but im surviving on no sleep so idgaf

chem was nice, finished lecture andd then played tetris for a bit, also shouldve done by work but head hurts rly rly bad from too much coffee so didnt bother to actually upsolve cf lol. not the worst content but im having a lil bit of hard time catching up ngl

english was designated nap period again cuz i didnt wanna do anything and my head hurts very bad... another shot of coffee down and i felt like dog shit... but its fine i got work done

got like some english and apush hw. both shouldnt take non-trivial amt of time. were good for the day will study some sat and sleep. update in like 4 hrs?

ya unfortunately i forgot my obligations for the day... relearned hld and some segtree magic, did some more bookwork and now were at 10pm...

no talks for the day again.. feel slightly lonely but were getting thru it. prolly wanna get off discord for a bit more and focus on stuff that you need to be focusing on... do more probs be less bitchy

bookwork was ok, get stuff down by now, will do more.. need to get into a better rhythm bef sept or ill be off in content knowledge...

9 shots of espresso into the day and idk how im living but i am... so ya my head is gonna explode if i dont sleep in 20 min sadge

teamscode probsetter from now on! one more responsibility, handle accordingly...

10:05pm, lonely night, goodnight houston
