---
title: yes, my "being on jv"-ness isnt of any of your business
tags: rants
---

> *Isn't it lovely, all alone?*
>
> *Heart made of glass, my mind of stone*
>
> *Tear me to pieces, skin to bone*
>
> *--<cite>[lovely](https://open.spotify.com/track/0u2P5u6lvoDfwTYjAADbn4?si=c3cc7b7c04374b9b)</cite>*


did the most wild set of shit today man

woke up at 6:10 realized that bush being the amazing coach he is, cancels practice 25 min ahead of time. 25 minutes... like man he rly dont know the concept of the night before huh.

actually he did by telling us that time trials is not going on tmr so ya... i mean im not going if its not timing trials. abc kinda more important here ig

ya the morning [redacted] decided to make sure to let me know that they are meeting up to run and made sure i also know that they dont want me present... hey, ever heard of this thing called NOT TALKING yk... its fine tho i got a chill run on my own at like 7:20, avg 142 bpm and 4 miles... tmr is gonna try to get my mileage up and not run speed workout cuz yassos burnt me.

at noon got a rly good noid2 in, gold medaling makes me feel like things are actually working out for once.. all the efforts are being validated. now i just wish the same can be said about cow this yr ig

the night seq was absolutely wild...

bush sent up email about cancelling time trials tmr so im not going, pinged rpeng about it and he was happy which is good ig. and the following conversation happened between me and [redacted] and someone tell me this kid isnt out of her goddamn mind.

> *not showing up to time trials* - me
>
> *alright, your just upset that your not called over with varsisty* - [redacted]
>
> *no i have contest so like im not gonna show up plus i dont wanna be doing stupid speed workouts*
>
> *ah yes every day this week you happen to have one*
>
> *well he(bush) called cancel twice (and today you just told me i wasnt wanted there)*
>
> *okay whatever jason you and your being on jv are the least of my concern*
>
> *i did my mileage on the days he canceled and the day he didnt i had a good speed workout so im gonna do my contest tmr and try to get mileage. this has nothing related to me being on jv*
>
> *look i try to be civil usually but your just a jerk and i just dont really dont care rn*


dude is actually in fucking denial man idek what im being a jerk about... i do my contest cuz this shit helps me with college. does running? absolutely not if im not running sub 17 this yr and im not running sub 17 this yr

also wdym my being on jv is the least of your concern. i respectfully will gap you in any of the races when you claim "im slower than you" jeez...

and yes im upset that im not called over with varsity cuz look at the fucking choices hes making dude... the ppl who he called over this summer, half of them i legit have a chance on gapping pls... prolly even more than half but its wtv. watch mason and oliver chase and matt get called over and im here being a fucking jv warrior.
