---
title: philosophical stuff
tags: rants 
---

> *Think of now as your incubator phase [as a] Cocoon, soon you'll hatch and be a butterfly chick.*
>
> *--<cite>Charlie Tran</cite>*

charlie says good quotes??! ya that was a quote when we were discussing hs stuff.. its a sucky phase no.. but ya shes right its just a transition phase bef the capable ppl become their true selves and become a better version of themselves.. but had rly enjoyable convos with her and aliz today which is sweet of them! yapping w charlie about school and stuff is kinda fun sometimes lol.. fun times... speaking of charlie isnt she hosting next week someone remind me

talking w aliz just about ppl and things man. its a sucky phase of life in hs... esp jr yr.. esp with a camp to push lol.. but its ok we got it we got it. shes having fun in summer which is nice nice nice. last few days might as well cherish it bef jr yr hits.. jr yr is gonna hit hard... esp bef march... cow camp is heavy

another discussion w charlie about publicity of this blog. was made aware that there has been and will be more controversies going on thus i will start ip checking ppl ig... ip ban is a powerful tool ngl... maybe will close the admonymous as well since it is not being used as intended (sometimes id like the non-anon and sometimes ppl arent honest)... i am too much of a idealist person in the end... i will keep this blog alive as long as possible tho since its just a way of me recording my thoughts... some ppl like to share this to other random ppl for unknown reason (maybe attention idek) ideally dont share with too many ppl. if i share w you that means i trusted you... but in the end we all lose ppl that we had good memories with i cant do anything about that.. i think im just being honest if you are offended and dont wanna listen to explanations or apologies then its just hey we had a good run.. ping me tho.. ping me if you think im wrong about you

practice had issues ig. cooper had heat stroke issues and i stayed with him for a bit (causing my not finishing my mileage but i think its worth it cuz i dont want him to have issues). but ya mileage is an issue..

tmr is golgotha which obv i am gonna miss for atcoder 😔 unfortunately no running for me tmr... will run sunday and try for a 10 miler. will settle for 36-38 this week ig... sucks to be the guy who says this but the mileage planning this week is just not on point... short triple 7 and time trialing just ruins the sch in general. plus the weather sucks... but next week is 6:30 so yayyy. 

td was kinda productive ngl... well other than going to the dentist.. just went to practice, yapped, went home, nap, upsolves, dentist and then nfls contest.. due to early wakeup tmr i will not put postcontest here but i will do it tmr. (sneak peak 12/97 ppl) nice improvement

monkeying with cs club nonsense td as well.. introduced silas and lilliana to lockout lmao... obv didnt lose td cuz the contest was to my favor a bit? (lilliana got sniped by B so ya). its looking like a working org now

also got into the GBR comp prog discord as a murican 🦅.. someone asked me the capital of Europe and i obv answered Africa for the fun of it... but they look like genuinely nice ppl maybe i can find new friends there.. 

atcoder last time was a mess hopefully not tmr...

i think im getting a balance between talking and solving probs now
