---
title: Add One 2 Solution Notes
tags: oi
---

> *ppls nowadays can solve these mind-blowing problems but not type a correct segtree*
> 
> *--<cite>chenjb</cite>*


Problem Statement: [here](https://qoj.ac/problem/8542)

Problem: Given array $$a$$, and an array with all $$0$$ s, $$b$$, you can use cost $$k$$ to add $$1$$ to a prefix or suffix of length k. Find min cost to make all $$a_i \geq b_i$$

Derpy ahh problem ngl, thought about DP for a solid 2 hours before realizing I was stupid.

We consider what $$b$$ can look like at the end, and then try to make the final $$b$$ by reversing the operations. One can consider a process like PFA, where we casework on if $$b_i>b_{i+1}$$. If so, we can use $$b_i - b_{i+1}$$ operations and vice versa. After that, all elements in $b$ are the same. If the element is non-negative, then there is a solution. For the sake of my sanity, we add a large element to the beginning and end of the array, denoting them as $$b_0=b{n+1}=M$$. Then we can transform the above conditions to 

$$\sum_{i=0}^n |b_{i+1}-b_i| \leq 2M$$

In the original problem, the total cost is the sum of all $$b_i$$. Thus, the problems becomes finding the min cost to satisfy the condition above when you can add $$1$$ to any $$a_i$$ for the cost of $$1$$.

Now we let 

$$S = \sum_{i=0}^{n} |a_i-a{i+1}|$$

Now we can find the longest chain of numbers where $$a_l=a_{l+1}=\ldots=a_r$$ and $$a_{l-1}>a_l, a_{r+1}>a_r$$. We can add $$1$$ to that entire segment to decrease $$S$$ by $$2$$ with the cost being $$r-l+1$$. Now we can greedily find the longest segment at all times and add $$1$$ to it until the segment is the same to $$a_{l-1}$$ or $$a_{r+1}$$. We repeat the above process until $$S \leq 2M$$

Now we consider the process where segments are "combined", we realize that it is always a segment of numbers combining with the largest numbers, and before combining with the largest elements, there is a left subsegment and right subsegment doing a similar process. This is very similar to a Cartesian tree.

Thus we can find the Cartesian tree on the described array and do greedy from the shortest segment to the longest segment for $$O(n)$$ solution.

I know right??! Everything seems like DP until it's not!!
