---
title: megatilt
tags: rants
author: jason?
---

> *Do you have the time to listen to me whine*
> 
> *About nothing and everything all at once?*
>
> *I am one of those*
>
> *Melodramatic fools*
>
> *Neurotic to the bone*
>
> *No doubt about it*
>
> *<cite>[Basket Case](https://open.spotify.com/track/6L89mwZXSOwYl76YXfX13s?si=8a0269421ce84a79)</cite>*


im like actually having a messed up sleep sch now lmfao... 

woke up at 5:45 and then got ready to practice... speed workout today and my hips are kinda killing me... its fine i push thru td ill be fine... did 1k repeats... avged 3:30 for my reps and did 3 reps plus a 600.. i think i had another 400 in me but i didnt wanna push it that much td ig? bush pushed some ppl up to varsity, and we have 13 ppl running varsity workouts td... and me mason zalit right behind them... 16 ppl for 10 spots, count seniors of matt and chase we have 18 ppl for 10 spots... great job bush you cant do shit with team assignment... funny business he told me to rep 3:50 before workout... dude i dont run with the freshmen.... wtf do you think i am... ya but like this is sticky... im gonna write my prediction down: fitz lowery austin coop hillier murph phillips (nolan kaleb logan) but if bush can put morris on that bus he will put chase on the bus (all respect to chase tho)

first period quiz!! lmfao we took like 45 mins on a 4 question quiz. me finished first, andrew ("actually i finished too 🤓") and then owen... bro the bell rang and everyone was like laughing like crazy. ms yee however did not care cuz we will just simply finish it tmr... were gonna take up to like 30 min tmr mark my words but holy shit thats hella funny

euro was peaceful, did some work and kinda finished fast... connor hella based nice working w him... after that just read some book problems which is kinda fun ig? hardstuck some tree hash nonsense for no good reason bruh... so tried to code that but didnt work out in my favor ig

apush was aok, didnt present so went full on problem solving... uh who cares about quiz? i dont care enough lmfao... ill see how bad i fail tmr... im like basically failing chem+phys anyways i think???!

stats was review so kinda push problems a bit as well... realized that double hash with big primes was the issue so got in class solve and i was like happpy... also got the frq back... turns out i CANT READ AGAIN... lmfao... ya no if it says "can be seen" in the graphs, dont write calculated stuff down... read the fucking prompt

physics was like kinda painful? the review is actually non trivial, kinda worried about exam wednesday... but ill be ok i think? i did fine with the yellow review, should prolly get the frq done tmr and prolly the review sets done as well... i think first period is my designated catchup period

lunch was ok, didnt do shit... we had a new kid sitting at our table, doesnt like her, first thing she said was like badmouthing??! none of your fucking business and like say sth thats not badmouthing ppl first lmfao

chem was hella painful... realized that i got a 67 on my quiz :holyfuck: ehhh i think i did fine? idk i talked to hugh for a bit and he said its gonna be tough like that for the first bit esp when im a first yr and took a gap yr so ya im not surprised, i think im getting content learnt in that class tho... 

english was not painful... did some work and then just like idled on tetris... oops

went home feeling like a piece of dogshit lmfao... went sleeping from 4 to 6 or sth like that... ate dinner and then just did some bookwork and studied for some tests tmr

i think im fine? bookwork was kinda annoying since the problem im getting is kinda cancer but who am i to talk about this? cow plat is literally the living embodiment of cancer lmao... bookwork was fine? idk maybe i do some upsolve and vps soon

11:57 pm, need to pack up, but goodnight houston!
