---
title: i wanna go watch a concert
tags: rants
---

> *Death is the mother of beauty. Beauty is terror. Whatever we call beautiful, we quiver before it.*
>
> *<cite>Donna Tartt, suggested by Aliz Kidd</cite>*

day is good then bad then good then bad...

man since the mentioning in stats td i just rly wanna go to a concert recently. ideal concerts include but not limited to coldplay, green day, ed sheeran. man those vibes are like immaculent. maybe ill rewatch music of the spheres on yt again. i loved that tour..

slight burnout sydromes proceed, migrains strike back and its not good for my head atm. took some cold meds, hopefully i dont get them tmr.

morning run was good, chill 4 miler with devon, got some grasp on my shoes with mileage and stuff, feeling ready for tmr.

tried to find owen and da twins during tutorials for uil but nickerson had a sub so i just sat down and did some math myself, talked to sicuro and ellis

first period was math, math is aok, we just clown andrew and stuff, not anything important, finished hw for the weekend so thats very nice. prolly shouldve caught a nap but talked a bit, idkidc its fine whatsoever.

second period ap euro, stayed up the entire time??! idk i think i kinda got a nap in during the final 10 min but monahan wasnt going over anything very gigantic anyways so idt i lose content? i ask ainsley regardless and she told me its not major content so i cease to worry.

3rd apush, finished my saq with some magic powers idk what tf i was rambling about in euro, talked to adeline for like 10 mins and walked off cuz the convo wasnt valid, and then moved to aliz and lillys table and did some work and talked to ysaline a bit. yann doesnt seem to like her cuz she doesnt seem to care about college at all. and yann CARES about colllege, so i get what he means ig.

and then safety assembly, 20 min going to waste, even missed a bit of stats

4th stats, finished another page of work, i should be ahead by a unit by monday and prolly clear out the content after conceptual units. calculations? im good at, time to use my nspire or 84 again. uil is looking good this yr lmao. again, bickering with charlie. seem like some ppl think i like her question mark? idk idt i do

5th physics, another class of impling code and dbging, talked to the twins and owen a bit abt project. bickering with charlie for a bit, and shes rly worried about her project. understandable.

lunch was in sicuros room. had kathryn and emma and lily. peaceful, just ate close to no food and felt decent after 25 min of working. walking back to chem in a bit

6th period chem was like idk a blast? kinda wasted time in there cuz i didnt impl jack shit and neither did i do chem, just argued with adeline and evia for the majority of time which is weird... need to focus up in class more? maybe ask parker if you can move by caiden or sth.. idt sitting by adeline evia and brynli is a very good idea for me atm.

7th period english. "welcome to ap english 3 my name is joseph brownfield staff of friendswood high school" god i love him so much! did kinda fall asleep after halfway but its ok we read some speech that i alr analyzed in summer anyways so i was fine. power naps are so useful

went home and did about 40 min of chem, somehow squeezed a bag of instant noodles for snacks during that and then set off to sams house for dinner.

played ball with jack a bit, bro is a shooter omg. i thought i can shoot and then i played horse against him holy shit how he doing allat and run fast??! the inside times with charlie ainsley chase austin kennedy logan mckinley lilly and matt were rly fun, just fun talks (someone snitched lmfao) and some nice food. nice little intermission of matts bday gift in the middle.

after they left it was just toxicity ngl. kennedy and logan and stuff just talked and shit. stanford and nolan app be having some sort of affair ffs i dont wanna look into it. and then we have the "pickme [redacted]s" as in two ppl being pickmes but we bear with it cuz its bball, i like playing bball, makes me happy.

and then was talking to [redacted] bout team placement, [redacted] decide to eavedrop around and suddenly barge in some instigating ass question. and no to clarify, i did not mean that i dont want ppl to be on varsity if they deserve it tyvm. ya and then i got very upset but controlled my language and made sure the b-word doesnt slip out my mouth but app they think it did bc they told me to "shut the fuck up cuz im done with your bullshit ur 16 grow ur ass up" ya me too twinsies! anyways that was not fun but ffs im not dealing with it cuz why am i dealing with ppl like that its not even worth the effort.

texted charlie about stuff after getting home. she looks rly stressed out maybe theres a way to help her out idk but i think i should ask somehow

aliz sent me quotes again so will queue the good ones

man idk charlie has like become more and more enjoyable to talk to recently idek why... ya its fun and all now lol. aliz has been rly nice to talk to since soph yr and the trend continues. im making new friends yayy

racing tmr, thus will start winding off to bed, 10:47 pm, goodnight houston! and wish me luck tmr!
