---
title: wtf is this a mess
tags: rants
---

> *I want to know when I can go*
>
> *Back and get drunk with my friends*
>
> *I want to know when I can go*
>
> *Back and be young again*
>
> *<cite>[Orphans](https://open.spotify.com/track/03T4ttRCiLXST6MZjeMwmR?si=3b666dae25b34041)</cite>*

double contest td plus class... some amt of hours for the weekend, i think like close to 20 this week? i think... 

cerealcodes first, got 19th with me and bort. [here is board](https://leaderboard.cerealcodes.org/advanced). got 2 ppl on the team td, bort did heavy load td and kevin couldnt figure out stuff, understandable since hes senior and prolly got lazy with stuff. i understand but maybe will try to get new teammate soon? idk ill ping yann. then ill prolly have to adjust to europe timetables, which sucks. but its ok i like my teammtes a lot and ill do the sac if its what makes the team work

then ioi 18 day 1, def not the best i couldve done.. im on pace for good stuff after p1 (got it at 1.8h) and then hardstuck p2 partials, got 51 at 4h and it was just pretty over after that... p3 i just took a egg and took home 151... i think thats high silver/low gold atm. uhhh tmr i have to farm like 100+80 sth sth tmr?? ya i think thats prolly around it...

only one migraine today, altho second one is happening as i write this blog... im getting tired and im not even doing enough bookwork... this is bad... some plans for this week and how empty i am on sch? lemme try jsut write stuff down

- monday is empty

- tuesday is empty

- wednesday has class, 2h

- thursday is empty after monkeying with weights

- friday is close to empty

- sat is 2+2+5+5, full

- sun is 2+2+5, mid


so ig the idea is to rush bookwork at school and do more than avg on mon, tues. do avg on fri, sun, thurs, wed and set an empty day for sat. bookwork cannot stop and im not stopping anywhere

migraines arent looking good. did not talk to ppl today. talked to charlie td, kinda just scattered out small talks so nothing important.

ap chem worksheet will be done at school tmr ideally....

rly thought about my own feelings td... i rly dont wanna write deep deep feelings down here. if youre curious ping me and i might tell you lol

12:06 am now, i will pack up and think about feelings... goodnight houston
