---
title: reconsider feelings?
tags: rants
---

> *Let us die young or let us live forever*
>
> *We don't have the power but we never say never*
>
> *Sitting in a sandpit, life is a short trip*
>
> *The music's for the sad men*
>
> *<cite>[Forever Young](https://open.spotify.com/track/4S1VYqwfkLit9mKVY3MXoo?si=9eeb3c5bab854364)</cite>*


race day lolol... 

woke up at 5:40, felt good about myself and set off to centennial, arrived 5 mins early, talked to ppl for a bit and just chilled.

and then varsity girls race was fucking insanity... sapp came in at 15:07 (that time is almost as fast as one of the varsity boys). charlie came in after at 15:45, avery and kennedy came in at 16:20 around, mckinley, ainsley and kim came in at around 17:20. that was one of the most insane races ive seen in my life. those ppl were insane for pushing themselves. kinda my target on beating charlie ngl... (15:30 to 15:40). man shes pretty good at her stuff

varsity boys race is also insanity... beat by strake is a given, beaten by hopkins was almost a given, beaten by barbers hill is almost a given. but nah we got 2nd. fitz was pretty fucking insane, won the entire race with considerable margin. lowery came in at 5th and hillier came in at 12th. both running insane times. austin fourth and phillips at 5th. phillips is THAT GUY. congrats to making it to state this early and good running with ya for like 3 weeks during the summer lol. huber came in as our number 6, hes still early in season and prolly didnt have enough miles (cough cough mckinley) and garrett had a bad race but its ok. they also like left nolans name entirely which is pretty bullshit

jv girls.... uhhhhh... i was not watching cuz i was warming up. results say kylie got jv first place and repped 7 min miles.... uhhh okok. its a race ig... we got rolled but its fine

then it was us jv boys... i went out slow cuz yk i dont wanna die out. proved to be a correct choice. passed up mcewan, chase, henry on lap 1, passed up evans and furman on lap 2. the biggest gap was like 30m at one point. and then uhhhh lap 3 was just lost cause? idk i repped even pace but got passed up by evans and furman again. ended up 6th in jv, behind direkly, kyminh, will, mat, furman. 

jose was 3 secs off me which is wtf i didnt see that coming at all.. mcgowan came thru at 5 secs over 16 which is pretty damn good. they lose chases record but iirc he was between mcgowan and mcewan. mcewan came in before 16:20 and palmer was slightly behind. we got 2nd behind jesuit.

grabbed lunch them ppl after. had a few talks with chase in the car. 

on the way there was about focus tricks. remind of the time when i did contest with kevin at region. he told me i looked like "a serial killer" after breathing exercise bef contest. today i found that feeling again before race. you close your eyes, think about everything that can go wrong, and let it go wrong in your head. just think about the good, the bad, how to deal with the bad, make sure not to let the bad happen. just think out everything and let it fly. in the end, focus yourself on one singular goal, know what can go wrong, what to do when it goes wrong. when you open your eyes its gonna be a different world. anyone who wanna try this trick feel free to do it before a test or anything. let the thoughts fly, let go of the bad thoughts, leave one goal and that thing only on the head and focus everything on it. when you feel ready, take some deep breathes and open your eyes back up, someones gonna tell you you look different. i rmbr doing this in pgh and the pgh feel is back!

on the way back was something less academics ig? ya kinda helped him out with asking ainsley and told him what i suggest when she bails out... dont make her feel bad make her feel better. ya i kinda opened myself up asw after that. i feel like since the cutoff with [redacted] ive been talking to muricans/fwood kids more, found someone thats more and more and more close to a figure like [redacted] in my life and kinda liked the feeling of talking. and ya if you happen to know about the backstory youd be able to guesstimate why i think finding someone like [redacted] is bad. was asked by chase why no relationship and was honest with him and myself and realizd im just not responsible for myself or anyone else cuz i dont want another persons responsibility and sometimes not even my own responsibilities, ig its my selfish thoughts? idk its a mess. ya but chase told me to go home and reconsider my own feelings and make sure i understand them. i dont understand them... i need more time to reconsider my own feeling towards other ppl and toward the fact that he was right that im too scared to take up responsibitiles for anyone including myself. idk gotta start by being responsible with myself first? i rly dont know im feeling like a mess atm.

afternoon was a chill 2h nap, some bookwork, some upsoves since missed a few contests cuz of the meet and then some duties... not a lot of things happening

texted charlie. shes concerned, im concerned, im worried, shes worried. i feel bad for her

idk this took me like 80 min and its now 12:12am, goodnight houston? idk if ill fall asleep peacefully tn
