---
title: what goes around comes around
tags: rants
---

> *I'm not looking for somebody with some superhuman gifts*
> 
> *Some superhero, some fairytale bliss*
>
> *Just something I can turn to, somebody I can miss*
>
> *--<cite>[Something Just Like This](https://open.spotify.com/track/6RUKPb4LETWmmr3iAEQktW?si=0942548bfa3c4c28)</cite>*


uhhhhh i think used my luck on that CNOI lolol

got rekt in ABC this morning for the most stupid reason ever. hardstuck D for 15 min, hardstuck E for 20 min, hardstuck F for 25 min and then didnt finish impl G so uhhh it was not good.

also just messed up ucup kinda bad later on. did like the 3rd hardest question and two easies but that was it... man i need to get back in shape asap. will do cf+teamscode+nfls nonsense tmr so lets see how that goes

however, got another nice run in today which is nice. william evans if youre reading this, just wanna remind u that i repped your workout tempo pace for 10 miles lmao

kinda miss molly now idek why.. ig not a lot of ppl to talk to. whats she gonna think if she saw this.

(for those who doesnt know we just kinda didnt talk after i went back cuz she has ehh brainwash issues and its not particularly "politically incorrect" for her to talk to me now

but wish her luck man shes gonna have a good life and maybe shes gonna realize the issues somedays...


rambling about loneliness from day to day now... reading a lot more and not talking to ppl as often.. left like 7-8 ppl that i can actually talk to on a near-daily basis. its like vincent joseph aliz kyminh will emma and charlie? (no order intended) im not even sure but those are the ppl that i even talk to often at this point.


find myself ideling a lot recently. maybe need to fly out to pgh to see bkpt, still wanna do a run with him but idt its gonna happen soon.. man losing someone hurts sometimes.

tmr is tripling up in contest and maybe a 3 miler so will be busy... lets see what happens ig

monkeying with some code tmr...
