---
title: first day of 295?
tags: rants
---

> *Turn the page*
>
> *Maybe we'll find a brand new ending*
>
> *Where we're dancing in our tears*
>
> *And, God, tell us the reason*
>
> *Youth is wasted on the young*
>
> *<cite>[Lost Stars](https://open.spotify.com/track/7rdGrVIoqwPWOULauvglio?si=d5d9b89edd9d4b5c)</cite>*

woke up at 5:30 which is normal for me i think? got like 4.5 hours of sleep so i didnt feel too shabby. went to practice kinda tired and tried to catch a nap on the way there and it kinda worked ig? idrk...

practice was god awful tho... were doing uhhh bushs bounty which is like rly bad... we rolled decent rolls so its all good.. the sprints were either 2 or 3 other than the one 5 we rolled. ended up right a 4k and i paced 5:30 on 5k and 4:50 on sprints.. def not bad but my hips and hurting and my knees are also hurting quite a bit so not happy

so we (me and devon) obviously walked in late to math cuz i decided to put up my bag in ellis's room and tried to do some nontriv stuff in math? considered some book problems td and made nontriv progress i wanna say? not the most efficient but we take it

euro quiz was kinda big sad... idk what happened to the saq, im gonna claim its the lost of sleep but ya i did not do very good... reading the prompt cost me half of the points i lost and the other half is just skill issue so its aight. didnt fall asleep during lecture today so im proud

apush class was like the most boring stuff ever... literally did nothing but read some triv docs and answer triv questions so i did not enjoy. also didnt read or do bookwork which is just kinda bad, until the 10 mins ending of the class where i decided to pick up a book and did problem. and ya i got very frustrated with bookwork so i went kinda ballistic after that... 

homeroom was ok so i just did bookwork and bashed my head on the wall a few times but we did get stuff done? idk

stats was just me being a very angry person and decided to finish the entire unit of hw packet after... uhh surely i finished it but need to show work? eh i dont care enough until she checks. work is trivial anyways so im not worried... kinda figured out what i messed up on bookwork so thats very cool

physics was a lot better cuz first i figured out my bookwork issue and dbged it thruout class and i also just talked to the twins about college.. turns out they are more fucking optimistic than me which is cool. evan said i make {cmu, mit} with 1 in 5 chance and ethan said 50%? idk they might be bluffin but they usually dont so thats rly cool. charlie told me she can run for mit and cmu and same applies to mckinley.. imagine if i see both of them in college lmao... i mean i dont mind either and charlie is nice but ya itd be funny

also took a autism test and i got "strong evidence pointing towards autism" which is uhhhh funny i think? pinged potato, bort, and the gbr ioi server about this and i think they got the colletive opinion that it is pretty much a scam... shits pretty funny tho. do rmbr to do the hw

lunch was ok, kinda smoothed out my mood which is nice...

chem was also ok, didnt do the most amt of work but kinda had a good convo with parker about uil and stuff which is all fun.. i think im comprehending the worksheet but im gonna check it when i get home.. 

english was hella fun, listen to presentations while thinking on the book and just did nontriv amt of work... brownfield told us about the sick lil nickname scheme he had in college which is very very funny lmao.. the day ended up ok

went home and did some 295 stuff, seems like tsin is getting the sets up in higher diff and not giving free 800s. seems like 295 is going thru some changes this yr. but its all good... good to see anthony on the leaderboard, app he wasnt happy with perf, i think he did very very fucking good so i wouldnt complain.. wrote up sol doc and then had class.. i hate analytic geo and computational geo... convex hull and all that kinda confusing... caught a lil nap after which is nice. 

did more bookwork after 295 contest and class and then just kinda packed up and ya

i think timing is still a big issue... not getting enough shit done on a daily basis.. tmrs todo is like physics review + bookwork.... idk i should be fine right

11:50 pm, goodnight houston!
