---
title: migraines and mixed feelings
tags: rants
---

> *Falling slowly, eyes that know me*
>
> *And I can't go back*
>
> *And moods that take me and erase me*
>
> *And I'm painted black*
>
> *<cite>[Falling Slowly](https://open.spotify.com/track/6EIVLz5xM1xE29r0OmIkWt?si=b2ee56e191cb41b1)</cite>*


woke up at like 5:50 and felt like dogshit, does not stop me from going to practice tho... got a decent 8 miler in... uhhh dropped 7 flat for mile 8, feels good to run fast for once lol.. the hr spikes and i feel good. tmr is sped workout bruh... no races this weekend and i can hopefully adjust sleep sch on sat/sun idk i prolly have to lol... uhhhh 4 ppl (sam henry phillips marino) in lockers told me i should get tgt with [redacted] mad logic bruh...

and then ap chem was absolutely ruining ngl... first period i did nothing other than ap chem... what were we going over? parts? parts my ass is that parts as good as AP CHEMISTRY?? was trying to memorize polyatomics at that point...

euro was ok, monahan was lecturing and giving activities. skipped bookwork to do AP CHEMISTRY, he surprisingly didnt care... not very monahan of him to not care. usually hed tell me to get shit off the table and do some work but he didnt td which is nice of him... another memorize polyatomics angle and bicker with ainsley angle... lmao and then monahan proceeded to roast me during lunch

apush was AP CHEMISTRY... bonniebeth was uhhh doing non-productive things ngl... saq grading was kinda dogshit. i wrote "WHY ARENT YOU TAKING AP CHEM" on my victims paper lmao. kinda got my polyatomics down which is pretty nice...

ap stats was just a chill class. wrote polyatomics down a lot... it works... i think i got like 90% of them down by the end of class since it is just a recall process... saj helped... charlie is kinda upset from what it seems. valid since i was being a little bitch lol

physics was just AP CHEMISTRY, got polyatomics down and talked to the twins a bit... again i think charlie was annoyed with me lol... as were like 10 other ppl in the class but i cannot bother to care atm...

lunch was polyatomics, talked with kathryn and emma. well more bicker than talk... uhhh no cuss counter pls and tyvm... last ditch study effort and i was off to AP CHEM

ap chem was so fucking easy.... idk it just felt like the test was light.... polyatomics were like barely useful? idk but i think i got that thing done finally... easiest test out of the way and then like uhhhh idk im ready for hell break loose lmao

english was nap angle... "brother joe" did not care if i was sleeping or not ngl... i think i got content figured out so i think im ok... idk

got home and just failed to focus for 30 min thus went to nap... or not... idk im just in the state of doing bookwork and falling asleep... and then ioi18 d1 virtual... got 100/31/100.. i got gold??! high gold??! wowwwww... rpeng "gold is trivial" moment... 

migraine counter was like 4 td... apush, physics, chem, bookwork+ioi... very early burnout symptoms... but am i caring until i collapse? no im not

ig i prolly should find someone to talk to... charlie was upset cuz app i was telling ppl she failed app1? didnt think id do that but sure? ehhh prolly need to f2f talk this shit thru... idt id do sth like that and i pondered and made sure i didnt do sth like that... its wtv... just a moody evening

another thing was i reconsider feelings as richard chapman told me too... uhhh maybe the morning locker room talks isnt that mad logic??! nah dont be wasting time tho lol... and lets quote like vincent. "sinking time to chase girl cuz you think its defining your future is not worth it"... 

but ya idk mixed feelings is recognizied but do i know what to do about it? nope not all.. idk maybe the other person recogs my mixed feelings lol

euro map test tmr but i didnt study a lot cuz of uhhhh ioi virtual... i think ill do it tmr morning... shouldnt be bad since i alr did it once in aphg

12:31 am, but i have alr packed my stuff for tmr. so not too late yet... goodnight houston!
