---
title: school...
tags: rants
---

> *Pick up your weapon and face it*
>
> *There's blood on the crown, go and take it*
>
> *You get one shot to make it out alive, so*
>
> *Higher and higher you chase it*
>
> *It's deep in your bones, go and take it*
>
> *This is your moment, now is your time, so*
>
> *Prove yourself and*
>
> *Rise, rise*
>
> *<cite>[RISE](https://open.spotify.com/track/69Sy7207dnixZ6w7RSV9Kb?si=99f6a8eb34a741e3)</cite>*


chilled out for the day which is nice. got upsolve queue going and made up some blogs/writeups so not bad. discussed with rpeng about cf in school and the conclusion was that its generally not worth it cuz cf quality has gone down pretty hard recently. speaking of dogshit cf someone in my hacking room decided to read my sol and shared it with his IIT friends so my last cf was unr-ed. but thats ok we can come back with div3 tmr lol i aint worried.

it was the run yap nap upsolve book angle and it worked out in my favor. making some progress with book work which is nice. book reading is hard and was also told ctsc papers should be read but ctsc papers are so dang hard

tmr is school school... noooooo

but funny is that i get aliz and lilly in my apush class lmao.. the trio from sophomore class is still intact somehow i cant believe it myself. but like omg that actually made my day that was such a fun table in soph yr and were running it back so yayyyy

thats like the only "funsies" i can do in school tho.. other times are just book angle.. its gonna be a sad yr ngl. at least for the first semester and i have to prep uil math

wish me luck its gonna be a long ass semester and idk if ill make it thru with a sane mind

but it is exactly midnight, an early night of sleep for me, goodnight houston!
