---
title: burnouts, loneliness, faith, and the burning sensation
tags: rants top
---

> *Here we are on top of the stars*
> 
> *Never thought we'd ever get this far*
>
> *We live for moments like this*
>
> *We come alive in moments like this*
>
> *Here we are this is the time*
>
> *Like a dream coming to life*
>
> *We live for moments like these*
>
> *We come alive in moments like this*
>
> *<cite>[Moments Like This](https://open.spotify.com/track/5gxakaZJUKXaPZPPzVZ5Tu?si=92b5e1f80ac34a01)</cite>*


i thought id go to sleep... i cant... 

missing team dinner is actually making feel like a piece of shit for some reason... fomo kicking in. reminds me of last yr with hoco.. but last yr i was a lot more calmer taking it? idk last yr seems a lot more important at this point of speaking? ya cuz last yr i got someone asking me and somehow rejected that to train with cmu icpc.. ya training was rly rly fun but would i choose that again this yr? maybe not... 

idk since the moment ive made the decision to all-in cow camp this yr, ive been missing a lot of the fun times i had last school yr, talking to ppl, hanging out after practice cuz why would i care about being 15 min late to bio? going to dinner, and late night texts with ppl.. now none of them exist just cuz reasons and reasons and i feel more amd more isolated by the day... having fun at lunch, just being the stupid kid that i was, but also training, not as hard as rn, but still training.. the lack of urgency last yr destinied my failure in the end of the season, but this yr im urgent, at what cost? burnout is coming like a wave, hitting me again and again... every day i just miss the time when i could be a little bit more urgent and rushy and skip the worries now... but what can i say now.. its all too late.

now i think about what got me thru the hard times (grade 4 math, grade 5 nfls, grade 6 lottery miss, grade 7 cp, grade 8 isolation, grade 9 cow push), it has been the faith, no matter exerted by other ppl or myself. maybe tis the time for me to recall the last few times ive gone thru it

- grade 4 math: did more problems, parents had the ultimate support and made sure that i can see immediate progress

- grade 5 nfls: had one popoff test and won grade, that made me realize that i can do it and i believed that i was destinied to be at nfls

- grade 6 lottery miss: i knew that im gonna go in in one way or another, i was surprisingly calm when i knew that i cant take the official test, and i turned out to be right, js elementary contest saved my life

- grade 7 cp: that was the plateau i hit, that time i did not have faith, i regained it when i moved to murica and had a cf peak and realized that i have my chances on camping here, didnt think far ahead but i thought id be a ioi hopeful here. also knew rpeng from then

- grade 8 isolation: bike rides, bike rides, molly. the faith that time was that molly wont leave me and she got me thru grade 8 yr

- grade 9 cow push: i still thought i was an ioi hopeful cuz rpengs contests, i did fine on them but missed out on camping cuz of verify windows

now its the grade 11 cow push and im just doubting my faith now... am i rly an ioi hopeful, am i even a camp hopeful? is all this worth it? what if im just gonna do all this prep and end up missing camping again... from grade 4 to grade 11, 7 yrs of cp just where to? where to? and now school seems like fun compared to what diagrams im drawing on my paper and the code im writing every day.. but i mean i do live by the sword, i do die by it as well?

idk what happened, i think my bestest friend leaving me is ruining my faith in myself a lot, i rly just feel like that having her with me and talk some senses into me is just very very helpful... now all i can do is self-adjust.. and pray. sometimes idk what to do and i have nobody to talk to. sometimes i can only repeat "you live by the sword and you die by it" while banging my head and fist against the wall. sometimes i would shut myself into the bathroom for 20 mins just cuz the migraine and how much i wanted to cry

i can say that my faith is not at all secure at this point...

but i thought about this for 45 mins tonight.. i realized something. so what? so what? i dont make camp so what? im not an ioi hopeful and so what? my life doesnt end at hs, its the 6 month of focus and experience that rly makes me a better person... its the time where i got to know where my limits are and push them as far as i can. its where i try to do the improbable. maybe ill do it, maybe i wont but so what?

ofc that doesnt substitude my excuse of not working but sometimes a shift in perspective.. 

i have solid faith in myself now... but the emotional troughs and crests still hit me... the amt of fomo im getting is unbearable sometimes... losing molly was one of the most tragedic events that happened to me. it puts me in a state of insecurity and loneliness. i sometimes feel like im just floating thru space without anyone noticing... i feel lonelier than ever, no one to talk to, no more midnight texts and no more rant calls... no more 3am wakeups cuz one of us is gonna lose it... i miss it, i miss every second of it

but that makes me strong, no matter how many times i bang my head at the wall, no matter how long i go cry my heart out, i will still come back bc ik the faith hasnt died... the faith still burns and it will burn for a long long time. i sit down, when i focus, there is a burning sensation, thats why i know my faith is very much alive.

isolation makes me sad, but it cant kill me. loneliness makes me feels tortured, but it cant kill me. burnouts feel like the worst feeling ever, but it cant kill me. not pushing my limits can kill me. not coming back from the burnout stronger than ever can kill me. not having faith will kill me. setting a goal and not sticking to me will kill me.

it is the last 6 months, how hard do i push my limits this yr?
