---
title: long weekend + race
tags: rants  
---

> *Can someone just hold me?*
> 
> *Don't fix me, don't try to change a thing*
>
> *Can someone just know me?*
>
> *'Cause underneath, I'm broken and it's beautiful*
>
> *<cite>[Broken & Beautiful](https://open.spotify.com/track/1Y9cAYTmyWJCcmfqdG2I29?si=900f1b2660464147)</cite>


> *Who cares if one more light goes out?*
>
> *In the sky of a million stars*
>
> *It flickers, flickers*
>
> *Who cares when someone's time runs out?*
>
> *If a moment is all we are*
>
> *We're quicker, quicker*
>
> *Who cares if one more light goes out?*
>
> *Well I do*
>
>  *<cite>[One More Light](https://open.spotify.com/track/3xXBsjrbG1xQIm1xv1cKOt?si=d71305c1d9b04b79)</cite>

> *What are you willing to lose?*
>
> *You cover your wounds, but underneath them*
>
> *A million voices in your head that whisper, "Stop, now"*
>
> *Another twist of the knife, turn of the screws*
>
> *It's all in your mind and it's fighting you*
>
> *Arm yourself, a storm is coming*
>
> *Well, kid, what you gonna do now?*
>
> *It's your reflection looking back to pull you down*
>
> *So are you gonna die today or make it out alive?*
>
> *You gotta conquer the monster in your head and then you'll fly*
>
> *Fly, phoenix, fly*
>
> *It's time for a new empire*
>
> *Go bury your demons then tear down the ceiling*
>
> *Phoenix, fly*
>
> *<cite>[Phoenix](https://open.spotify.com/track/6zAiRKvAMlXHxEtyO4yxIO?si=2247bd52928b4355)</cite>*
long long quotes but i love all 3 of them so read them ig?

race today, woke up at like 4:30 with 3h of sleep... sadge...

that race course is unironically the shittiest course ive set foot on... half the course is wet mud/sand.. and then i didnt spike up cuz my foot always hurt when i do so what can i say... yolo... by the time i raced vboys and vgirls were done... uhhh so i think fitz didnt win which is wtf... but we won vboys... sammy swift ran 18:50 sth so that was the high goal... sapp came in around 19:50 sth and then charlie run 20:40 around. the decent arithmetic seq lmfao... warmed up properly and was ready on the line with 8:15 coming around. the weather was pretty damn nice so were starting in the fun

the first mile felt good, had a slow start but dont i always start slow so its fine. by lap 1 i was ahead of the kickers so i felt decently good, the legs were good so im still going strong. lap 2 was same story, i came out 10 meters behind chase and close to will and i was like ya im getting my shit tgt and maybe its the time for that one good race? and then from nowhere an atascocita kid came out and absolutely ram his shoulder into me and i landed wrong and my groin pain came back... and then i went down to 7 flat to 7:20... UGHHHHH. well that did not stop me from absolutely ramming that dude into the fence. he also just cussed me out afterwords which i replied by staring into his eyes and said "say that one more time you will not make it out of this race course alive"... also got passed up by furman in the last 600. 😔 and ig im gonna thank ms ainsley rhea here cuz in the last 200 i was zoning out until she telled at me "jason are you hurting I DONT CARE SHUT UP AND RUN" which i realized oh shit theres 200 and then i sprinted... i was very happy that she actually yelled at me cuz jose was 2 secs off me and henry was 3... idk why and how i raced like a piece of shit but i did... missed medals by 3 places.... groin hurts a lot

and then matt went down mid race rip.

packed the bus on the way home and got pizza.. nothing fancy... decide to go back to school right after and then went to physics. did assignment. well half of the assignment and then lunch in sicuros room, just tried to make sure my groin isnt that meseed up which i wasnt sure about... but i can jump alr so i wanna say im fine

chem was lab, finished lab which make me happy. fell asleep in english again but its fine, i think i got review questions done? im not sure... but ill reread during weekend

went home and took a long nap, woke up for bookwork... legs were still hurting but its fine... kinda just did a lil bit of work and then tried to sleep, tried to... planned to go early on sat to run.... did not wake up in time and neither were my legs good enough to run in...

so i actually just woke up for the atcoder which wasnt bad??! holy i was like hardstuck d/e for the last 1h but we got E with 20 mins on the clock and then saw the trivial DP on D... btw ifrm almost got G in contest which is hella good... upsolved the last two and then just took a nap... planned ucup for the day but didnt do it.... 

well guess what? me and bort were planning a 10am ucup but he called in sick at 11 so i decided to go back to napping and woke up for the 1pm window instead.

uhhhhhhh it was not good at all.. i think zky team got 9 onsite and we got 3 😭... i cant write integer decomp or mst... the importance of having a good teammate with me... did not do anything from 6 to 8 cuz i didnt want to... shouldve set up yt streams or sth like that lmfao... but instead i did nothing... not good im slacking off again... 8 to 10 is math class and i actually learned nontrivial stuff today so yay yay!! went to sleep right after thinking id get a good run this monring

i woke up late again... woke up at like 6 and then decided to go for a run at 7... and i again overlooked myself... legs were hurting after mile 4 and i just called it quits at mile 5..... this is not good at alll. but i should be able to get a run on monday morning, hopefully a long one? our sch is so weird cuz race friday istg if bush puts hard workout tuesday im gonna hurt someone but he prolly will so uhh

9:35 cf div3, im actually cyan rn so i have to go all in... and i bricked until D which is unfortunate..... also bricked on F cuz i frogot do mod on 1e10, learn a lesson!! did nothing again midday, i need to write more often to make sure i do sth.... 3h going to waste man... at 3pm went to get groceries with mother, got some drink packets so yay yay... after i got home just went for a nap... it was not good i was not productive td but luckily its off tmr and i had a good rhythm yesterday so ill be fine... tmr is all work day? i think

6 to 9 is class... dp is so damn confusing but we actually got this uhhh advanced egg throwing dp done which is so coooooool. i loved that dp sm.. 

and then it was just a mess.... asked [redacted] if i can with them morning and he said no, respect that ig? idrk what i did since what happened 6 months ago but respect it. respect it... and then after class they discussed it in a gc im in, which i kinda saw as rubbing it in my face... its fine tho cuz it all sounds fun right, surely they also did coord in the group chat im not in and will move to convo over there right? surely... and then i texted him again cuz im in the gc and i wanted to go cuz i dont wanna run on my own again, im lonely... and he said no again, which i cant say anything other than respect right... and then i kinda flipped out and turned off my phone... i was sad... went cry for a bit... idk im unstable again. funny thing i realized that they didnt use the gc im not in bef i turned my phone off.. how ironic... but ya i locked myslef again and cried for 20 min... idk is it even worth crying for but i just felt like i didnt have a good contest weekend anyways... hurt me and i relized that might be the case for a long long time.... 

and then asked henry devon and got rejected twice lmao... i think they also asked henry... devon is just lazy so respect

but im running on my own (hopefully 6am tmr) its gonna be cool then and i can prolly get a good run in... sigh ig i can control pace better now.... im gonna stop writing about this cuz im alr crying again.. 

but someone remind me to set up a yt stream or screencast tmr and ill be productive i promise

talked to like 3 ppl in total during the long weekend, its lonely out here and i can feel myself more and more unstable again

11:31pm, night houston
