---
title: pre race rituals
tags: rants
---

> *Ladies and gents, this is the moment you've waited for*
>
> *Been searching in the dark, your sweat soakin' through the floor*
>
> *And buried in your bones there's an ache that you can't ignore*
>
> *Takin' your breath, stealing your mind*
>
> *And all that was real is left behind*
>
> *<cite>[The Greatest Show](https://open.spotify.com/track/4ylWMuGbMXNDgDd8lErEle?si=14354d921c8b4969)</cite>*

surely we survive another day today? or not... 

woke up at a normally good time today which is around 5:40. it comforts me that im not sleeping as awfully as i thought since i fell asleep at 1:55 last night after lying in bed for an hour doing nothing. its also just pretty nice im waking up very calmly today.. usually theres sth im worried about and td there isnt.

practice was fun.. saw band practicing today and saw evan ethan owen evan and like 3 other ppl.. they played one direction which is so fucking funny idek why. me and like all the jv boys started singing along them which is rly funny.

ran with devon for 5 miles today and it was just pretty fun, stayed on the track entirely and had some pretty good relaxation on my hips, it in fact did not hurt throughout the day which is cool. did some kicks in the end since kicks have been my weak point. repped 2:50 on the last 800 and splited 90 and 80 for 400s. liked what the splits where and pushed thru pain td. should be able to race decent tmr.

walked with devon after practice (skipped core cuz last time i did core my entire stomach hurt for 4 days). visited the social studies ppl and then went to class after putting bags up, was nice walking with devon. multi was fun, i kinda needed to study physics so i did. finished 1.5/3 reviews with the help of the twins and andrew (yay love them sm). uhhh for the first time in like forever i didn't copy the keys lmao. frqs were hella confusing and rly scared me so i kidna spend a lot of time on it. 

euro was simple stuff, did some research on henry 8th (assigned to us) lucked out tbh, did not expect to have that easy of a person to research on (full on expected to have like henry 7th or Isabella). so did my part in like trivial time and kinda upsolved/yapped with conner and nathan. ofc we talked about monahans cross-hall neighbor bonniebeth and brownfield. hella fun in that class. also did one upsolve which is pretty good.

apush as very simple, we were doing some contextualization and thesis and did alr. only three ppl in our group but we got our shit tgt and pulled it off. also needed to study for physics so finished frqs and called it a day. but overall fun class. had enrichment after apush and i just stayed in class cuz i didn't wanna go to crusty cafeteria.

stats was test correction. missed 1 partial which is aok i think? was a lot better than i thought it would turn out to be. rly thought i got 4/8 on mcq and like 4/8 on frq which wasnt the case... paige over there being happy she got a perf which is nice. talked to charlie about physics cuz i was very very scared, also learned that we have chem quiz.... wtf

physics test was pretty chill other than the fact we had some foreign concept of doppler radar. wtf is a doppler radar... mcqs were surprisingly easy, checked with teh twins after and got same answer.. not a lot of stuff going on there ig?

lunch was also chill, checked answers with charlie and then studied for chem

chem quiz was rly fucking hard man... i think im getting 5/10 to 8/10 anywhere in between, very scared that im gonna fail, hopefully i make it back in time tmr to actually check my answers and see what i did wrong? idfk... and then lecture afterwards kinda actually made sense. jst need to make sure i memorize the pink sheet cuz oxidation state is very trivial maybe?

english was also chill, did presentations, brownfield is so chill with those usally, he actually just gave us 25 min to spend on essay. which ofc i utilized to take another 3 autism tests lmfao.. again got likelys on those which is annoying... maybe i need to get checked out

the bus ride home was so fucking annoying. we got merged with bus 2 cuz stupid ahh futball (as if they gonna win ever)... and then the ppl are loud asf man... and then it took a whole damn hour for me to get home.

went home at 5:40 and i wonder who i blame for taht... caught up with trivial amt of schoolwork and decided to nap before class which turned out to be a very very good decision. class started at 7 supposed to end at 9 but i got very into solving so it actually kinda ran overtime till 10... one of my most fav topics (dp ops) so i rly took a lot of time on it

and then i regretted my life cuz i forgot to write my copycat essay. well i didnt forget, i just realized that my entire point doesnt quite stand so oops. rewrote till like 11:30 pm and did some activation and blogging and prolly will sleep past midnight again 😭

racing at atascosita tmr... will be up at 4:20 and hopefully get a nap in on the bus? idrk... need to catch up on the napping tho. speaking of races, will write down some prerace thoughts bef i sleep

- start off strong but do not sprint the first 400, will make you die out

- you will be in the back at .3 miles, do not rush, keep pace and dont try to stay off kyminh cuz he too fast, undercut the course if possible, pass as many ppl without going around

- at .8 to 1 miles you will make your way up but not at where u wanna be, this is the time to pick up a little bit, do make sure not to overdo it

- by the end of the big loop, you will be in a ok position, this is time to go off on your stamina

- if nothing is kicking in, surge up a little bit and try to undercut a lil bit of pacing by mile 2, make sure that no tripping on the course

- if it is hard to breathe by then, keep pace till finishing small loop, then pick up

- the last big loop will be the hardest fight. will furman chase are kickers so this is where they will try to outkick you. you should have a small but not comfortable lead by the time of entering big loop if executed correctly. do not slow down! do not slow down!

- the first half of the big loop will be cruisable, but the second half will be the hardest fight. this is when you need to be getting thoughts out of the brain and have faith at training. if you can lead ppl on majority of the practices, you can do it on a race

- the final 200 is crucial, should look over your shoulder to see how ppl are coming in, sprint the moment someone is on your shoulder to give less space. you are not a good kicker so try to make sure to build up a good lead on last lap. however, you have repped a 31 200 in practice at the end of a 6 mile run so you can kick if you push it hard enough

- the last half mile is the one where blood sweat tears come in. again, have faith in your training

- it is not a bad idea to base off times off the following baselines:

- overperf: bottom varsity boys

- normal: sapp

- underperf: charlie


it is 12:10 now, i have not packed, but i am very comfy with race strats, goodnight houston!
