---
title: surely i can survive no
tags: rants
---

> *Dearly beloved, are you listening?*
>
> *I can't remember a word that you were saying*
>
> *Are we demented, or am I disturbed?*
>
> *The space that's in between insane and insecure*
>
> *<cite>[Jesus Of Suburbia](https://open.spotify.com/track/58KPPL1AdLHMvR2O2PZejr?si=ca3c76dc658c43b2)</cite>*

woke up at 4:50 this morning.. feel like a piece shit again, drank a shot of espresso and went to practice. 

got a decently long run in (will move lr to sat/sun sometimes after my race this friday), 7 miler and the first 3 miles with devon. my hips are hurting kinda bad but ill see what i can do on friday. hopefully i last thru friday... the last 100 kick was pretty tho, like very very pretty. the burning sensation is very much well alive... but im not sure if ill be at full strength at atascosita which is quite unfortunate. hopefully my hip feels better by friday ig

first period is like nothing going on cuz we just finished the quiz and did some lecture stuff so i was ok with wtv i need to be done... read some book and did a small amt of bookwork, had a problem that i deemed interesting and delved into it... time flew by like that which is rly great since i got a good focus session in.

second period was like what ap euro? oh ya we took a little saq quiz in class which is funsies... i think i did ok, the ap euro formats are usually pretty light which is nice. describe problems are so gigafree and i like that! another focus sesh after that and also watched ainsley doing her quiz a lil bit. lockdown drill in the middle of the quiz and i kinda just bashed my head against the wall. idk i felt like a dumbass for taking too long on a problem

apush quiz was like surprisingly easy? fell asleep in the middle, didnt take notes, didnt study, pulled a miss 3 out of my ass somehow? ya i think i lucked out but i also apush isnt as hard as i think it is ngl... ap world scarred me.. apush is just choose the most racially stupid answer and you get A. simple as that.

stats test! stats fucking test... i think i either got 75 or 99 (im gonna say more likely former than latter) finished test in 12 min, checked for 11 min and decide to turn it in and worked on bookwork for a bit, bashed my head again.. but got some collaries and observations in, which is good. cow plat level of problem and im getting soloing them like its nothing so its all fun!

physics was uhhh POP TEST... mcgowan moment. i did that ok and i think the only thing i can miss is sigfig somehow? if thats what it is it should be a one timer and idt it would happen again. proved the collary and did some review stuff in class. laxed time makes me realize i can procrastinate another day 

went to sicuros for lunch and i realized im picking poison.. im either dealing with a nonexistant working space and someone complaining the entire time or not eating and three girls losing their minds for 20 mins... what did i choose today? prolly dealing with some loudness to do some work? 

chem was chill, asked a few questions and figured what i need to figured out. talked to parker after class cuz the trinity of adeline evia and presley is not going to let me actually focus. she was surprisingly cool with it, lowk thought imma get lectured on not being rude...

english was bookwork all class long so nothing to say here

got home and took a 2h nap after sorting out the 295 nonsense with bkpt... i think semester is starting tmr so its gonna be a mess tmr i wanna say?

didnt focus very well at home td and did like 4 probs only, maybe i will start streaming on yt to make sure i dont delve away from work...

midnight on the dot, night houston!
