---
title: maybe the real treasures are the friends we made along the way
tags: rants
---

> *These days I'm becoming everything that I hate*
> 
> *Wishing you were around, but now it's too late*
>
> *My mind is a place that I can't escape your ghost*
>
> *Sometimes I wish that I could wish it all away*
>
> *One more rainy day without you*
>
> *<cite>[Wrecked](https://open.spotify.com/track/6TEftSkmWdTm1EpThnwqh6?si=dc52f314cc9d4484)</cite>*


uhhh maybe it is the friends we make along the way.... maybe its not camp after all... jk dont mind me coping with my failures lol... no but anyways making friends along the way is kinda fun tho...

again woke up at 5:50 with no previous nap, kinda wanna die... but again WHO IS GONNA CARRY THE BOATS so i obv still went to practice. but like wtf was that practice bro... repping 800s on the worst conditioned grass ive ever stepped foot on... but ya... repped ahead of jv pack regardless... idk what to do so i run my mileage.. does not stop me from running slow races prolly... unfortunate but im getting enough mileage in

and then crammed ap euro during multi... uhhh i think that worked out in my favor. my short term memory keep serving me miracles from day to day... well not in chem but well talk about that later

ap euro crams def paid off.. im pretty sure i got >90 on that test which is nice... did nothing in class, monahan let me off easy again with coding td, appreciate him for that tho... based teacher. kinda bickered with ainsley but mostly just reading and map testing. no caught naps in the class by some miracles.

apush was just a big mess cuz we doing project... wtf project on week 2 is kinda diabolical. also its a 3 day project so like... idk its wtv. i dont expect to understand how the magik brain of bonniebeth works but its wtv

stats was chill, did close to no work, but thought about some problems cuz why not... finished my stats hw in the class so im basically ahead in my classes? other than math ofc. fuck integration by parts... 

physics was also chill, did no work since my work is done lol, need to sign safety contract... but thats also not anything to worry about td

uhh then lunch... got clowned on by charlie cuz i got a 82 on my chem test... she prolly got 97 or 98? idk just a lot better than me 😔... uhhh ya idk what happened

chem was miserable... i was just reminiscing on the fact that i failed my ass out of that chem test... and then adeline evia brynli wouldnt shut the fuck up about it... ya ik its bad... i alr got clowned on by one person... im good thank you! ya and then lecture wasnt bad... im understanding the mathy stuff so were all good.. went instasleep mode after her lec is over... i possess the ability to sleep the moment i want to in school now lmao... 

english with joe... he played the recorder in class... absolute legend. took another nap in class for like 10 min was fun... i like joseph he doesnt even care if im sleeping or not 💀

and then we monkey with weights... i would much rather go home than watch that... ppl are actually being pieces of shit and would not shut up... im talking to you footbal... actually learn to keep quiet cuz i would actually die if you dont shut up.

going home was just a journey. we got the interview with gabriel and haccerkat and "after some formalities" i was very happy to know from mr alternet im gonna be teamscode probsetter now! promoted from participant to probsetters. maybe the real treasure is the friends we made along the way lol. and then was prolly ghosted by [redacted] sob sob.. so nobody to rant to td.. sad... and talked with gabriel and peng for a bit after formalities so that was funsies.

still kinda upset about getting ghosted oops... idk prolly cuz of the incident with physics... pretty sure i didnt do it but if thats upsetting ig idk what to do...

and then a lot of bookwork, a night double at 9pm, bookwork is still going too slow... and i need to catch up with that and some sleep idally... i need to get thru to the weekend...

it is 1:20 am and i have not packed so i will be sleeping close to 2am td but night houston!
