---
title: the end of a story, the beginning of a new one
tags: rants
---

> *do things nobody wants to do to be the person everyone wants to be*
>
> *<cite>William Maurice Evans</cite>*


hello i am jason wei and i am back for some more MOTIVATIONAL content on the blog td... jkjk nah its a mixed day ngl

morning was dog shit ngl... my legs are kinda hurting idk im injured or not, hopefully not but if i am its just unlucky... or i should prolly go down and chill on my mileage... its fine im not injured yet so im gonna run my ass off while i can. 

first period was aok, ms yee lectures way too slow and idt she know how some of the formulas work but i aint bothered to do anything about it lol... was busy trying to finish the workout and then clown on andrew rowe... IT WAS SO FUNNY WHEN HE JUST WOBBLED TO DANNAS TABLE OMG lmao. no i actually cant stop laughing about that

second period is chill, no big stuff going on, just listening to monahans lectures and somehow managed to stay awake all the class so im gonna say nothing. i like europe atm and i hope it continues that way

3rd period apush is just chaotic... bonnibeth is gonna give us a practice test on day 3 of school in her usual fashion.. i dont hate her tho, at least shes not a racist piece of crap who just walks around yelling at ppl

4th period stats was so fun lmao. moved between evan and charlie's tables and it was rly fun talking to both of them and stats is pretty easy, i should be able to get ahead soon enough. i LOVE ms toppert shes so based omg. im also halfway thru the hw so i think im ahead soon enough

5th period physics, i have the twins and owen in my row so i aint complaining. charlie is in front me so its a lot of yk bickering lmao. shes still worried about the project and i still need to somehow finish my hw, prolly gonna copy off evans (either one of them lmao idk)

and then lunch, so crowded, so so so so crowded, ya our table is like barely fitting ppl, i think the call for tmr is to prolly go to sicuros room and just chill out and do some cs for a bit. lunch isnt that necessary ig? im not even sure atp... i dont wanna be in that big crowd. i think sicuro has my lunch period and ill ask her tmr if she minds ig? 

afternoons are so short! 

6th period chem, ms parker is so based, balin is so based, brynli is an intersting person fs... ehh made some very interesting remarks but i dont hate her ig? and then adeline and evia are just headaches to deal with but its ok since im doing my cp work anyways

7th period english!! i finally made the remark of the stalin mustache to brownfield, he didnt mind lmao so i like it. he is so based, will try to not sleep in his class cuz i love him

went home and just did some book work, took a nap, took nfls contest and decided to do some upsolves for the day

also did the tmm mathletes thing, lost to agniv, my bracket was so fucking stacked lmao, first round is mit class of '28, second round is 1st place state, 3rd round is 2nd place state. i did got him till tiebreakers so ill take it. ty to yall for orging this. it is the end of a story, but a beginning of the usaco cinderella story. fingers crossed that i can make it this yr. i rly need to now

ranted to charlie/aliz, charlie ranted to me, funsies. she rly is like a molly kinda person in my life now now i think of it, good ig. sweet gal, smart fella and just a nice person to be around usually? i dont hate her as a person but sometimes antics can annoy me. its fine ig charlie is charlie, sweet person to talk to and be around sometimes. but ya previous stories still kinda exist and i still owe her a lot of things ngl

aliz sends me quotes and cat memes, love it. queued the quote for tmr so i can use hers tmr. shes a sweet gal i like her a lot. 

12:36 am, packing up and goodnight houston!
