---
title: focus up
tags: rants
---

> *Does the pain weigh out the pride*
> 
> *And you look for a place to hide?*
>
> *Did someone break your heart inside?*
>
> *You're in ruins*
>
> *--<cite>[21 Guns](https://open.spotify.com/track/64yrDBpcdwEdNY9loyEGbX?si=a5d989090ab84f5f)</cite>*

not bad today... i think im focused up now... sometimes i gotta be forced to be focused up... for my sanitys sake dont just share this to random ppl cuz that uh hurts ppl and hurts me... ya... dont do that...

did a lot of hard problems today.. first of all did SCC dp, block forest, tarjan dp today. will finish up more probs tmr on the nfls set durning morning ideally.. also picking up algo guide again td and hopefully i get more time to read/do problems.

also finished the nfls random set. literally a set on random algorithms so its kinda funny. but saw one very interesting problem today so i will record it on the todo list and hopefully do writeups soon.

the time trial was again, dog shit. talked to charlie about mileage/workouts for a bit and she gave me some pretty awesome advice here and there tbh. running camps help eh. 

the idea was that no gradual mileage increase (no more ripping half marathons randomly :sob:). and dont force the HR to go up on speed workouts tbh. its just conserve some efforts on the easies/workouts and just chill out until races. gotta push the pace on races tho, sometimes gotta do what you gotta do. still dont have a kick for half mile eh. but thats a strategy improvement more than anything else. 

any i just hate the fact that one can say "you were running too fast for the first mile" what kind of dude says stuff like that... man i dont understand.

reconsidering some ideas.. i think ppl being upset is actually not bad since i get to be more focused as what i am rn and not being distracted with random convos at the middle of the day. ideally you talk to joseph/vincent/aliz/emma/charlie/lilliana/silas outside of cp ppl to relax. those are good good ppl dont lose em. 

nfls has another 5h contest tmr, monkeying with code time!! lets see what we can get done tmr. gotta do better than 32 right.
