---
title: those were the days, were they
tags: rants
---

> *Are you the only one*
>
> *Lost in the millions?*
>
> *Or are you my grain of sand*
>
> *That's blowing in the wind?*
>
> *<cite>[Born To Be Yours](https://open.spotify.com/track/0WVAQaxrT0wsGEG4BCVSn2?si=03a71f5fdf454905)</cite>*


why dont you rhetoric analyze that little loser??!

sorry did not post yesterday, got lazy 😛

woke up at 5:50 again today, normal ahh time... went to practice for some easy run... uhhh was planning to taper down and go like 4/5 and then chase decided to start a lil bit of shit... all love tho all love.. ended up going 7 and then the lightning alert went off.. and then it started pouring rain and i got wet in like 2 seconds lmfao... and then showered and had the most cursed interaction ever.. changed, ran to the football lockers and put on my shoes... cursed.. "omg the rain is literally falling down" - random -200iq freshman prolly

had a test in multi but like who cares tbh... did not realize it was open book test until i saw ethan with notes and i was like wtf... did not listen in class. but its ok i got all of them by some magic... 3 trig subs is diabolical thing to do on a 5 question test tho... its fine i got them its fine i got them.. took way too long tho

ap euro was interesting, had some fun with making menu, was like productive for once... monahan told me no book, what did i do? pull up libgen and started doing random shit... no i did not download anything from libgen for legal purposes. i did not try to pirate any materials for legal purposes.. but ya started a download project and it went ok ig

apush test was like confusing asf, not hard, just confusing... and i fell asleep halfway thru again.. there has not been an apush test where i dont fall asleep wtf. 

stats was chill, did some bookwork while realizing that i showed trivial amt of work on hw packet. i did not know we needed to sketch a graph and shit??! and write N(mean, sd) thats actually dumb tho why do we do all that, using a calc isnt that hard

physics was just messing around with norbraten since hes subbing, coping with ethan and evan again, played owen in tetris and won

lunch was fun ig? idek wht i did

chem quiz was the hardest shit ive taken in a long time i think i got a 75 i shit you not... its fine ill just yolo again next week surely its gonna work out? idek what i missed if i missed anything... just a state of im not sure my answers and checking and realizing my answers are stupid asf

english was fun...

went home, did 3 hrs of bookwork, and then class, and then bookwork and then sleep. boring but chill day

11:56 pm, gn houston!
