---
title: every teardrop is a waterfall
tags: rants
---

> *I turn the music up, I got my records on*
>
> *I shut the world outside until the lights come on*
>
> *Maybe the streets alight, maybe the trees are gone*
>
> *I feel my heart start beatin' to my favorite song*
>
> *<cite>[Every Teardrop Is a Waterfall](https://open.spotify.com/track/2U8g9wVcUu9wsg6i7sFSv8?si=4332a0cf8a924733)*


uhhhh did some shit today i feel? monkeying with code is actually not bad?

the workout this morning sucked tho... wtf is bush thinking to put us on wet mud for a speed workout??! actuall bullshitty workout??! and then i slipped 10 min into the workout. bush just started yelling "suck it up and keep running" after 2 secs. bro it takes fucking time to be in the mud and recov man. ankle got messed up with the fall... also ofc [redacted] decided to cry after her failed workout... cannon event at this point. can you start doing your actual running and stop crying after workouts.. its fine you had a bad workout get over it man... geez. cry cry cry cry you cried like 5 times every time you do a bad workout... theres like 4 girls who do that tho so sigh. and then ofc all the coaches go comfort her... dude you gave up yourself... and i didnt give up after slip what do i get? "why did you fall" - bush. my dude, my dude. why did i fall? i think its obvious. I WAS FUCKING WET MUD wdym why did i fall. and ofc unpleasantries happen cuz ppl decide to yell at me for talking while theres a kid crying in the corner... wtv

and then cf actually didnt suck as much this time.. got the "finish half score before 1h" mark by rpeng today.. ate dirt on D cuz i cant impl for my life... but its ok i got F after, and E idea was in contest so its all good. i think im getting back into the cf groove a bit

and then nfls happened from 6:50 to 11:50pm. cursed asf schedule btw 😭 got like 32/101 ppl today which isnt good ig.. but all nflsers are basically noi silver+ so its alright. i think the full one is coming out rn ig.

talk recaps: had long talk with joseph and aliz today. vincent on the trip so not a lot of talks w him td. but the talk with joseph had some sparks. were talking about murican dreams and college admissions and school lives. the american dream is dead for ppl like me and him. i mean both of us are immigrants. we have to climb the social ladder to be able to realize the american dream. in the sense, we are not americans, we are still us, chinese immigrants. its hard to be a part of the melting pot, it doesnt matter what they portray it as, it is never easy and never obstacle-free to be able to overcome the stereotype. then the commonapps issue started. the long discussion really started off with the affirmative action things. and how its back against the wall for me this yr. if i dont camp its pretty over... as intl applicant, it is just pure hard for me to convince others that my bleak cow plat is real, given the many precedances of Chn intl applicants making it with a cow plat and fail in college.. we see the season for affirmative action but doesnt stop how much we hate it... the school life talk was more personal. one always want to blend in, to be social and make some friends in hs. but for us, again its the contest ppl, we have our lives planned in our minds in grade 6/7. there is rly no room for any errors, you either make it out there as contest person to cmu, mit, caltech or just stay in your u of h and be you and be mid the entire life (esp for me, intl applicant) but we gotta reach for it. does it come at a price? absolutely, and it is just the social interactions here and there. get used to it and get over it. it is one of the most cruel things out there but its also the most hope it can give to you tbh. the lyrics is just on point with this... loners and will always be loners till phd ig.

anyways i need to get my stuff tgt this yr man... last yr push i cant miss my mark again its been two years in a row... i cant miss the mark again i rly cant
