---
title: me is streamer
tags: rants
---

> *I've been hearing symphonies*
> 
> *Before, all I heard was silence*
>
> *A rhapsody for you and me*
>
> *And every melody is timeless*
>
> *<cite>[Symphony](https://open.spotify.com/track/1x5sYLZiu9r5E43kMlt9f8?si=a6cffa672cdc4373)</cite>*

started the day off with a BANG. woke up at 6:30, made sure that im feeling runnable, since sunday run did not go well, went out of the house at 6:40 and warmed up a bit, started the run at 6:45 and was thinking about 8-10 miles... did the westwood loop and came into west ranch at mile 4 feeling insanely good, so i thought why not go down to stevenson. so down to stevenson i go. got 7.5 bef i saw austin and them. and then went back to eagle lakes since i felt like doing >15 was out of the question by then. finished the eagle lake/west ranch loop for 14 miles. maybe i couldve done 15 but it started pouring at mile 13 so i had to call quits at 14... plus my legs were tired asf... 

showered, did 2 probs on the book, went up for a 2h nap. woke up at 12:30, ate lunch and just kinda tried to set up twitch... i forgot they didnt get twitch studio to work, so downloaded obs but obs didnt work... so uninstall obs, downloaded streamlabs and then that took like 3 whole fucking hours??! and then i argued with troll in borts testing server... will disclose more details once round goes public... 

did math for 2 hrs cuz integration sucks ass...

got the word from charlie that were speed working tmr... :dead: decided to take a long walk (ended up being 30 min, 1.7 mile)... did another 2h stream on bookwork and then made a plan for warith to run

nothing going on ig... 11:20 pm now, read gatsby again and will sleep after packing up. night houston!
